As a user, I want to be able to visit a page with a list of all
congress men and women with their name, position, and party.
  # I should be able to navigate to a page with a list of all congress.
  # I should be able to view their name, position, and party.
  # Their names should be a link to their personal page.

As a user, I want to be able to visit a congress person's personal page with their
information on it.
  # I should be able to navigate to a congress personal page.
  # The page should have all basic information: name, website, position, party, etc.

As a user I want to be able to rate a congress official on a scale that is to be determinded.
  # On the congress officials personal page I should be able to rate the person
  #  based on my opinion of how well they are doing their job.
  # I should be able to see the current rating for said offical and it should update when I
  #  add my rating.

As a user I should be able to change my rating if I feel the congress official is doing better or worse.
  # I should be able to go to the same place I added my initial rating and be able ot update it.
  # The update should be imediate and I should be able to see the change.

As a user I want to be able to write comments on congress official's personal page in order to express my opinion on actions that said official has been a part of and to inform others.
  # On the congress officials personal page I should be able to view a list of all past comments made.
  # There should be a form in which I can fill out a comment to be displayed on the officials personal page.

As a user I want to be able to update my comments incase I miss spell something or want to change my comment.
  # On my original comment I should be able to find a button that says update.
  # When I click on this button I should be able to make changes to my comment and re-submit it.

As a user I should be able to delete my comment if i no longer want to display it.
  # On my original comment I should be able to find a button that says delete.
  # If I click on it the comment should be deleted from the page.

As a user I want to be able to upvote the other comments on the page.
  # I should be able to either upvote or downvote comments that are made.
  # I should be able to view a comments rating and sort by that rating.

